that's the first true snow of the year
whoo it's pretty it's 32 degrees I am
frozen right now did not plan for this
sorry even told me she's like it's cash
now when I was like no no oh I am off it
seems like I get a haircut every week
i'm off to go get a haircut today so
that is the fun miss of my day we uh
this guy's air blowing but we are
checking doing our wedding reception
meeting at the Jannetty is best western
its workers to start our wedding up so
get out they said the park here but it
says 15-minute limit and will be booted
so
she's like a hard care so we can park
here and Gus get Gus better not be a
dick Buddhist those limos for the bridal
show there's where the bridal expo was I
went to they were all parked here for
like four hours south so we booked our
reception and well supersize the country
yeah she's sending us the contract last
time we got a contract we didn't sign it
yeah but we found out everything we need
to find out and it is all good and we're
excited because now we don't have to
worry about it for like months the whole
thing good to worry about signing the
contract and paying for it bah it's
really not bad because okay pretty
buddies are planning a wedding in the
future so like a lot of places need to
put it deposits way to put a thousand
dollar deposit and I was like oh God but
then but they do you can do for payments
of two hundred fifty dollars over four
months and I was like okay that's not
but you can come up with $125 age every
month yeah I mean I'm so like so I'm
excited and we get a like I'm eight we
get our we get a free like room that
night for a wedding they get to give us
our cake we get our flowers for our
centerpieces there's so much stuff you
get included a no-win tux yeah you get
like glue you discount on everything for
booking with them it's insane so I'm
excited go through shop and through this
looking at the meet looking at delete
looking at them it's a pork chops she
does not know that you chicken at a pork
chop it supports a good day
you just cut yep
threes excited chickens on there
I shouldn't touch that so he was upset
they don't have our Christmas cookies
anymore while they have them anymore
they should have them but they've moved
their sections this is like the new
holiday section make sure you looked
everywhere she's very upset there got
her hot cocoa I thought she wanted with
some hot cocoa ah cool cool I used to
come here and like would snag a bean
real quick and then eat it and it tasted
horrible is the worst decisions of my
life Serena's excited too she said look
at all the deals I'm gonna get I'm
excited this is gonna cost like fifty
dollars she'd be like I didn't get off
the deal but I wanted to get very
intrigued by just look at all of her
coupons I can't camp out here what she
was looking at her coupons don't bother
I want to tell you guys the biggest
benefit of ever working at a CVS or CVS
caremark is that you get the employee
discount card for CBS I went there with
a bunch of coupons and they had a bunch
of stuff on sale I saved forty-seven
percent of my bill with coupons and
discount which is pretty sweet because
it's supposed to be like $57 I ended
paying like twenty seven dollars oh she
needs to get some people like machine
couponing we're like we're like I go
there and like the company pays like the
grocery store pays them to take I know I
try but they get coupons from other
areas that with like higher cost of
living and I don't do I just get them
from the local movie
but that was pretty good I thought and
we have enough laundry detergent to last
us for like three months I think bonger
than that each bottle supposed to be
like 30 loads and I kind of stopped I'm
so excited and now got coupons to go to
target to buy Lily her cat food and let
her I love coupons they're so awesome
with our delicious pizza for dinner mmm
is all good ribbon helping him an entry
potato fries what a good dinner very
nutritious
haha so I know begged me to turn on the
heater this is the first time we are
turning on this heater heap son Otto I
72 7ds fine we'll see how that goes I'll
see if this place burns off or if this
even works not really sure if it works
kick you I'll kick you get going go to
mommy go say hi one in the head in the
face I will throw it play I'm gonna
count down 3 2 1 I told you I wasn't
gonna live I have to drink more water
Serena says because apparently I'm
dehydrated I might mouth feels gross in
the morning it's like and it's kind of
good well I kidding it's all white back
there I am it's all white back there and
Teresa she says from being dehydrated I
don't drink water unless I drink a
bottle of water they're like really
hurts Breaking Bad we're watching
Breaking Bad be watching Breaking Bad
what do you have class till some forms
course always ask you my what a bone
what are you think you're doing yeah
yeah scare the cat
this is
oh wait